Readme docker run update (#107)
edmcouncil/html-pages: README.md

```
$ docker-compose --profile home up -d
```
If you run the above against a clean repo, it should produce the following log:
```
Creating network "html-pages_default" with the default driver
Building home
Sending build context to Docker daemon  18.86MB
Step 1/9 : FROM node:12-alpine
...
Creating html-pages_home_1 ... done
```

> Note that when you updated some vue components in the existing local repo, you need to build docker image first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you make changes related to project dependencies (e.g. updating some vue components) in the existing local repo, you need to build docker image first:
```

> Note that when you updated some vue components in the existing local repo, you need to build docker image first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you make changes related to project dependencies (e.g. updating some vue components) in the existing local repo, you need to build docker image first:
```

```

### Deploy [FIBO HOME](./fibo) with docker-compose
Similarly to running home profile, you need to run:
```
$ docker-compose --profile fibo up -d
```

> And if you updated some vue components in the existing local repo, before starting the Docker container you need to run this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if you make changes related to project dependencies (e.g. updating some vue components) in the existing local repo, before starting the Docker container you need to run this:
```
